README.md, before:

CLAVIN Rest
===========

## Quick Start 

### Download the CLAVIN Rest Server 

    curl -L https://github.com/Berico-Technologies/CLAVIN-rest/releases/download/0.2.0/clavin-rest-0.2.0.jar -o clavin-rest.jar

### Download Geonames 
  
    curl -O http://download.geonames.org/export/dump/allCountries.zip

### Unzip Geonames 

    unzip allCountries.zip

### Download CLAVIN yaml configuration file 

    curl -O https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Berico-Technologies/CLAVIN-rest/master/clavin-rest.yml 

### Create a CLAVIN gazetteer 
    
    java -Xmx4096m -jar clavin-rest.jar index clavin-rest.yml

### Run the CLAVIN rest server 

    java -Xmx2048m -jar clavin-rest.jar server clavin-rest.yml 

### Geotag an article  

    curl -O https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Berico-Technologies/CLAVIN/master/src/test/resources/sample-docs/Somalia-doc.txt

    curl -s --data @Somalia-doc.txt --header "Content-Type: text/plain" http://localhost:9090/api/v0/geotag


## Package creation 

    git clone https://github.com/Berico-Technologies/CLAVIN-rest
    cd CLAVIN-rest
    mvn package

Commit message:

Converted clavin-rest to Spring Boot. Updated all dependencies.

README.md, after:

CLAVIN Rest
===========

We have updated the CLAVIN REST server to use Spring Boot. The port and HTTP methods remain unchanged, but we did update the API version.  So whereas prior you would go to http://localhost:9090/api/v0/geotag, you will now go to http://localhost:9090/api/v1/geotag. The application now has a application.yaml file that contains the available settings.  Here are the instructions for getting up and running.  

### Download the CLAVIN Rest Project

    git clone https://github.com/Novetta/CLAVIN.git
    cd CLAVIN-rest
	
### Download Geonames 
  
    curl -O http://download.geonames.org/export/dump/allCountries.zip

### Unzip Geonames 

    unzip allCountries.zip

### Inspect the application.yaml

	Look at (and edit if you so choose) the default configuration settings contained within the application.yaml.

### Build the ClAVIN Rest jar
	mvn clean package

### Create a CLAVIN gazetteer 
    
    java -Xmx4096m -jar -Dspring.profiles.active=Build target/clavin-rest.jar

### Run the CLAVIN Rest server 

    java -Xmx2048m -jar target/clavin-rest.jar 

### Geotag an article  

	From within the clavin-rest project, run the following curl command to retrieve all relevant geonames data for each location:

	curl -s --data src/test/resources/Somalia-doc.txt --header "Content-Type: text/plain" http://localhost:9090/api/v1/geotag

	From within the clavin-rest project, run the following curl command to retrieve minimized geonames data for each location:

	curl -s --data src/test/resources/Somalia-doc.txt --header "Content-Type: text/plain" http://localhost:9090/api/v1/geotagmin	

###	CLAVIN Rest web page

	You can also see a very rudimentary web page by going to http://localhost:9090.  Copy and paste the Somalia-doc.txt file contents into the text area, and hit submit.  You'll wait for a few seconds (there is no loader to let you know its working), and voila! The map will be populated, and the resulting JSON will appear below the map.
